Privacy
1. Privacy
xstinfo.com places great importance on the protection of users' privacy and will not, without the user's permission, rent or sell information to third parties, except in the following circumstances:
1.1. You agree to share the information;
1.2. You agree that your personal information may be used to promote to you goods and services;
1.3. In order to satisfy a court summons, legal order or other legal process;
1.4. On discovering that you have violated the xstinfo.com Terms of Service or other site requirements.

2. Intellectual Property Rights
Any text, image, graphic, audio / video or other data contained in xstinfo.com content is subject to trademark, copyright and other intellectual property laws and must not be used for commercial purposes, or disseminated to the public via the internet or any other means without the written consent of the copyright holder.
3. Force Majeure 
3.1. Force majeure covers events beyond the reasonable control or anticipation of xstinfo.com, including foreseen but unavoidable events which may obstruct, influence or delay xstinfo.com from fulfilling its obligations under all or part of the agreement. These events include but are not limited to: government action, natural disaster, war, hacking, computer viruses and network failure. Force majeure may render the xstinfo.com site inaccessible or slow to access, may result in the loss of stored data, including personal information, and all adverse consequences.
3.2. When subjected to a force majeure event, xstinfo.com may suspend its obligations under the terms of the agreement until the elimination of the impact of the force majeure event. In such cases, xstinfo.com will not be liable for any breach of terms but should make every effort to overcome the event and mitigate its negative effects.
4. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
This service agreement, its performance and interpretation are subject to the laws of Italy. Any dispute shall be referred to the Court of Rome, whose decision is final. Any provisions of this agreement found to be in conflict with the laws of Italy do not invalidate other provisions of the agreement.