You agree to voluntarily provide the information required by the website, and authorize www.xstinfo.com to use these information for webpage display and website advertising and/or promotion
Terms of Service
1. User Account and Password 
1.1 Users applying for xstinfo.com service must provide true and accurate company information to ensure receipt of the relevant business information. If the information submitted is untrue or not accurate, xstinfo.com bears no responsibility for problems arising from this.
1.2 It is the user's responsibility to keep accounnt information and password secure.
1.3 If a user's account or password is compromised, the user must contact xstinfo.com service centre immediately. xstinfo.com is not liable for any damages suffered due to improper use or the user's failure to keep the account and password secure.
2. Service Content
2.1 The specific content of the service provided by xstinfo.com is subject to change. xstinfo.com reserves the right to extend or amend its services without notification, unless xstinfo.com deems it necessary to do so. 
2.2 xstinfo.com provides service to users online. In order to use the site, it is the user's responsibility to provide all necessary equipment, such as a computer and modem and to pay all associated costs for accessing the internet. 
2.3 If service needs to be suspended to allow for system maintenance or upgrades, xstinfo.com will provide as much advance notice as possible. 
3. Disclaimer
3.1 xstinfo.com does not guarantee that its services will meet all the user's requirements and expectations and does not guarantee uninterrupted service. xstinfo.com does not accept any responsibility for service disruption or other defects caused by force majeure or other events beyond its control, but will try to reduce the impact and losses caused to the user. 
3.2 xstinfo.com commits itself to facilitate the business information interactions among buyers, sellers and relevant service suppliers. We will strive to offer high quality information services to users in helping them to grease the wheels of their business. But we reserve the right of explanation if user’s conduct is inappropriately in using the information provided by us. 
4. Users' Rights and Obligations
4.1 Use of xstinfo.com is subject to the laws of Italy. Users must observe the "Italy Contract Law", "Copyright Law of Italy",  "Italy Telecommunications Regulations", "Regulations on Protection of Computer Information System Security", "Italy International Networking of Computer Information management Interim Provisions" and its implementation measures, "International Networking of Computer Information Systems confidentiality regulations", "Computer Information Network and Internet Security Protection and Management", "Internet Electronic Bulletin Service Management Requirements" and other relevant Italian laws and regulations. 
4.2 If xstinfo.com suspects any user to have used its services in a way that violates any of these laws and regulations, including but not limited to any part of the user's expressions or actions, it may terminate or suspend the account without notice at any time. 
4.3 Users are prohibited from engaging in any of the following acts on xstinfo.com web pages or services: the production, copying, distribution or dissemination of information in violation of the Basic Principles of the Constitution; endangering national security; leaking state secrets, subverting government or undermining national unity; harming national honor or interests; inciting ethnic hatred or discrimination; undermining national religious policies or propagating cults or superstition; spreading rumors, disturbing social order or stability; spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terrorism or abetting crime; insulting or slandering others, or infringing on the legal rights of others; making false, harmful or threatening statements, invading the privacy of others; spreading harassment, defamatory, vulgar, obscene content contrary to public morality or in any other way in violation of Italian laws, regulations and rules.
5. Changes to the Service Agreement 
xstinfo.com has the right to make changes and modifications to the service agreement. When changes occur, xstinfo.com will highlight the changes on the site or via the latest version of the service agreement, which will be emailed to the user. If the user does not agree to the amended agreement, he/she can cease to use the service. Continued use of the service implies acceptance of the modified service agreement.